[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2014 animated comedy film
Paddington so let's get started in Peru
British geographer Montgomery Clyde
finds an unknown species of bear he is
about to kill it when another bear takes
away his gun he learns that the Bears
are intelligent can learn English and
love marmalade he names them Lucy and
Pat Zoo so when he leaves he gives his
hat to Pat Suso and tells them that they
are always welcome in London several
years later the two bears are living
with their nephew when an earthquake
strikes their home after being trapped
by a falling tree
uncle Pat suso dies from his injuries
lucy encourages her nephew to go to
london in london's Paddington Station
the young bear meets the brown family
who take him home with them and named
him after the station Henry Brown is
adamant that Paddington stay only one
night but his wife Mary and their two
children and miss Byrd find him
endearing Paddington things that he can
find a home with the Explorer but does
not know his name Mary takes Paddington
to Mr Gruber who discovers that his hat
has a stamp for the geographers guild
but the guild says it never sent a
member to Peru with the help of Henry
Paddington breaks into the geographers
guild and discovers that the Explorer
was Montgomery Clyde meanwhile
taxidermist melissa clyde becomes aware
of Paddington and sets out to hunt him
the Brown family departs for the day
scheming with their neighbor Mr curry
melissa attempts to capture Paddington
ending with a fire in the kitchen
disbelieve in Paddington about the
invasion henry demands that Paddington
be kicked out Paddington leaves and
tracks down Montgomery Clyde's house
only to learn that he died years ago and
that melissa is his daughter she resents
her father for losing his job and is
determined to capture a Peruvian bear
she tranquilizes Paddington and prepares
to stuff him but Mr curry informs the
brows and they rescue him Paddington
subdues Melissa by throwing a marmalade
sandwich at her attracting a huge flock
of pigeons as
bird pushed off a roof the Browns allow
Paddington to move in with them and
Melissa is sentenced to community
service at a petting zoo her father
opened as the film concludes Paddington
writes to Aunt Lucy saying that he has
found a home so that was the spoiler for
Paddington if you have another film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie's spoiler alerts on our various
forms of social media and make sure to
check out our Instagram giveaways and
also to like and subscribe thanks for
watching
[Music]